#Sun Jan 08 13:50:56 CET 2017
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort0=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName4=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName8=
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName3=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName7=Title 2 Pixel Width
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName2=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName6=Title 2 Length
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName1=Occurrences
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName5=Title 2
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName4=Title 1 Pixel Width
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName3=Title 1 Length
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible7=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName7=Title Pixel Width
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName2=Title 1
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible6=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName6=Title Length
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName1=Occurrences
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible5=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName5=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible4=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName4=Title Pixel Width
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible3=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName3=Title Length
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible2=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName2=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible1=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName1=Occurrences
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth7=110.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible0=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth6=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth5=400.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth4=110.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth3=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth2=400.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth1=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth0=500.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort7=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort6=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort5=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort4=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName7=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort3=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName6=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort2=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colSort1=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Page\ Titles_TitleDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName5=Title
