#Sun Jan 08 13:50:56 CET 2017
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible6=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth4=75.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth3=135.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible5=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth2=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible4=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth1=200.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible3=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth0=500.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible2=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible1=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible0=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName6=Redirect URI
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName5=Response Time
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName4=Inlinks
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName3=Status
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName2=Status Code
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName1=Content
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort6=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort5=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort4=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort3=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort2=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort1=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colSort0=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName7=
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName6=Redirect URI
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName5=Response Time
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName4=Inlinks
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName3=Status
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName2=Status Code
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName1=Content
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName6=Redirect URI
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName5=Response Time
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName4=Inlinks
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName3=Status
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName2=Status Code
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName1=Content
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth6=500.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Response\ Codes_ResponseCodeDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth5=100.0
