#Sun Jan 08 13:50:56 CET 2017
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName1=Status Code
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth6=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth5=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth4=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth3=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth2=400.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth1=100.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colWidth0=500.0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible6=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible5=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort6=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible4=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort5=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible3=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort4=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible2=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName6=Position
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort3=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible1=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort2=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colVisible0=true
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName5=CTR
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort1=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName4=Impressions
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName6=Position
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colSort0=0
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName3=Clicks
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName2=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName5=CTR
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName7=
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName1=Status Code
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName4=Impressions
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName6=Position
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colGroupdName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName3=Clicks
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName5=CTR
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName2=Title
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName4=Impressions
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName1=Status Code
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName3=Clicks
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colBaseName0=Address
seo.spider.ui.list.Search\ Console_GSCDisplayStrategy_List.colName2=Title 1
